welcome to trophy bass fishing with Pat
Cullen described as the most prolific
trophy bass fisherman in the world Pat
has caught over 1,100 largemouth bass
weighing more than 10 pounds with over
40 years of trophy bass fishing behind
him Pat has developed the right
technique and baits tool and world-class
trophy bass now all of this information
is available to all bass anglers on one
DVD trophy bass fishing with Pat Cullen
this seminar teaches anglers the right
times to fish baits to use and Fisheries
to look for that can produce largemouth
trophy bass I think that competition
against that fish being able to know how
to catch that big fish that's the thrill
of a lifetime
that's a thrill I hope to be able to
share I have shared it with my son's I
hope to be able to share with my
grandsons
I feel like it's time now at my age
level to be able to pass that on to
folks or be able to tell them some
things that that maybe can to be honest
with you the pressures of today trying
to make a living you need some type of
release and this could be with it it
could be free for them what it is for me
you know being able to get out and relax
and do that and to to have the thrill of
being able to experience that I would
like to pass that on you don't want to
have your rod up like this please please
understand this takes a little bit of
practice but only 30 minutes of it
you'll have it don't cast your bait and
when it enters have your rod up here and
bringing it back if you try that the
bass will hit and you will not have the
drive power to sink your hook promise
you will not you will not connect on
those ties you've got to have it there
when that bait hits and you got to come
back with everything you got everything
well a lot of these big bass I don't
know if they got kicked out of that what
it is but they mark off a territory
after the spawn and after they've laid
their eggs and guard or whatever they go
into an area that's theirs they don't
like nobody else coming into it and I
like that that's the fish I'm looking
for yes I've caught eleven hundred and
thirteen bass over ten pounds have I
caught any multiple times yes hi I'm Pat
Cullen I'm excited to share my 40 years
of experience in chasing and catching
the trophy bass this DVD will give you
the tools that you need to experience
one of the greatest thrills of your
outdoor life my dreams are now your
dreams good luck and God bless